I cried because I used to go to Belle
Isle all the time secure April Linda
left in the director of the Center for
Native American Studies at Northern
Michigan University and we're cleaning
rice right now which is kind of a slow
but cathartic process and cleaning falls
right off
taking kind of twist them and they come
out naturally that's good otherwise we
put it back in this bowl and they'll get
read ants and that can be a real treat
you can season it with salt or season it
was like a sugar you're taking the tray
and it makes it a lot faster now sorting
right right you take the
brahmanda off and these green ones in to
process it's a lot of work yeah I do you
like wild rice yes I love it what's your
favorite my favorite favorite recipe Oh
soon soup thank you